There is no problem if the project is in progress
However, if it becomes abnormal condition, problems with quality and cost delivery will come out immediately
There are various causes that cause an abnormal condition, but change is the biggest cause among them .
Project management is constantly changing
You must manage this change to maintain the project in good condition.
Hmm
Managing this change is called change point management
Let's consider what changes are occurring in the project
There are two major changes that occur in the project
4 m of
This design change whether
Change of 4 reading is resource 1
Equipment and system methods are things and content change
A design change is a change that is related to the basis of a project by literally changing the design
There are many things
There is one more requirement change
It is a change of the demand from the customer and the management side
This change will be reflected have change of 4 m of change design
Change point management for change of 4 reading
Make a management plan of change points and visualize daily changes
Identification management for design changes
It performs a synthetic managementæ›ä½level management
Restore abnormal state of project to normal state
Let's organize a little more about change
Change in work is a resource for work
It is easy to organize by dividing it into 4 m
Changes in resources will affect many aspects of project activities
Conversely, managing changes in the resource 4 read will minimize the impact
Let's consider one by one the changes read 4
I first m Hama
It is a person
For example, if people are replaced or newcomers come in, the difference in human skills changes
The average skill as a team also changes
It also falls on the awareness and experience of work
Both will change with the turnover of people
Work output will change as people's skills and commanding experience change.
Next is the machine
Equipment and systems
Equipment has a big difference in the ability by the introduction time
Also, with the passage of time, it will come out and sink
Difference in individual ability and Tinkatsu chink greatly affect the ability to perform work
Method is that of methods and procedures
Methods and standards are also technological advances
It becomes obsolete and changes due to environmental changes
Also , depending on the technology background and people who use the industry, Jae Jun will vary.
Also it changes the productivity and quality of work if Kaware a way Ya only Jun
The last is losing real
It is the product and the current line content
Such as products and raw materials has its own path in August
It also degrades with time
Variations and deterioration greatly affect work output
In this way, if you live in a world where work is ideal, it will greatly affect work if it changes
You need to detect and deal with 4 u 6 changes to minimize the impact
Let's explain how to manage this 4 m change point
Consider the management plan for the change of 4 Read that can occur is Waseda-Keio in the project 5
There are tools to crawl
It is 4 reading change point management examination sheet
Use this sheet to manage the change to read that put the project activities in m
First, expect the change point of the m as that put in the project of the system and work
Make me a mouth
Consider the worries about change
Wash out
We will clarify measures that lead to major problems among the worry points and plan their countermeasures
Implement measures and standardize rules and structure so that effects will continue
I think that it will occur in the above procedure I will identify the change of the name and take measures in advance
Make sure there is no impact